Update documentation to account for new manage teams permissions changes (#609)
hashicorp/terraform-docs-common: website/docs/cloud-docs/users-teams-organizations/organizations/index.mdx

## Joining and Leaving Organizations

> To join an organization, you must be invited by one of its [owners][] or users with one of the [Team Management](/terraform/cloud-docs/users-teams-organizations/permissions#team-management-permissions) permissions and must accept the emailed invitation. Refer to [Organization Settings: Users](#users) for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To join an organization, you must be invited by one of its [owners][] or a user with one of the [Team Management](/terraform/cloud-docs/users-teams-organizations/permissions#team-management-permissions) permissions and must accept the emailed invitation. Refer to [Organization Settings: Users](#users) for details.
```

<!-- END: TFC:only name:pnp-callout -->

> All users in an organization can access the **Teams** page, which displays a list of [teams][] within the organization. Owners and users with [Include Secret Teams](/terraform/cloud-docs/users-teams-organizations/permissions#include-secret-teams) can view all [secret teams](/terraform/cloud-docs/users-teams-organizations/teams#team-visibility) within the organization. You can also view team membership and manage team API tokens.

Reviewer 2: Non-Blocking Nitpick: I feel like this reads nicer with "they" here to avoid switching points of view:
```suggestion
All users in an organization can access the **Teams** page, which displays a list of [teams][] within the organization. Owners and users with [Include Secret Teams](/terraform/cloud-docs/users-teams-organizations/permissions#include-secret-teams) can view all [secret teams](/terraform/cloud-docs/users-teams-organizations/teams#team-visibility) within the organization. They can also view team membership and manage team API tokens.
```

> The ability to create and delete teams, and manage team API tokens is restricted to organization owners and users with [Manage Teams](/terraform/cloud-docs/users-teams-organizations/permissions#manage-teams) permission. Both owners and users with [Manage Membership](/terraform/cloud-docs/users-teams-organizations/permissions#manage-membership) permissions can manage the membership of teams. Remember that users must accept an invitation to the organization before you can add them to teams.

Reviewer 2: Non-blocking Nitpick (similar to above!): I feel like this reads nicer with "they" here to avoid switching points of view:
```suggestion
The ability to create and delete teams, and manage team API tokens is restricted to organization owners and users with [Manage Teams](/terraform/cloud-docs/users-teams-organizations/permissions#manage-teams) permission. Both owners and users with [Manage Membership](/terraform/cloud-docs/users-teams-organizations/permissions#manage-membership) permissions can manage the membership of teams. Remember that users must accept an invitation to the organization before they can be added to teams.
```
